Updated Remotable API Doc (#530)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/API/ClientServer.rst

1. Pyaedt has to be installed on Client and Server machines
2. No need to have AEDT installed on client machine
3. Same Python version has to be used on client and server (CPython 3.6+ or Ironpython embedded in AEDT Installation)

> 4. CPython to Ironpython can be used with some data type limitations and potential issues. As an example, when getting
>    lists from a command you can access every item (eg. mylist[i]) and len (eg. mylist.__len__()) but not len(mylist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. CPython to IronPython can be used with some data type limitations and potential issues. As an example, when getting
   lists from a command you can access every item (e.g. ``mylist[i]``) and len (e.g. ``mylist.__len__()``) but not ``len(mylist)``.
```

    # ansysem_path and non_graphical are needed only for Linux Ironpython Server
    launch_server(ansysem_path="/path/to/ansys/executable/folder", non_graphical=True)

> On Linux, the Ironpython console can be launched with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, the IronPython console can be launched with the following command:
```

    ...

> Linux Cpython Server is also supported but allows only to run Pyaedt in a script (no interactive Session).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linux CPython server is also supported but allows you only to run PyAEDT in a script (in a non-interactive session).
```
